[XP-2884] Update page create data product, add image and mention templates (#863)
snowplow/documentation: docs/understanding-tracking-design/defining-the-data-to-collect-with-data-poducts/ui/index.md

![Create data product](images/create-data-product.png)

> A modal will appear on the page, giving you the possibility to quickly create a data product from several templates or create one from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A modal will appear on the page, giving you the possibility to quickly create a data product by using one of the existing templates or create one from scratch.
```
